So the first part of on page optimization of we want to look at is your optimization and really I guess
the the message here is that search engines treat you whereas the way that real humans.
So essentially you want to make them readable you want to make them rich and you want to make them short
.
So as I said you want to make them readable so you want to avoid something like your domain account
for Slash p equals 2:59.
Neither the search engines or a real human can really understand what your page is is about if you're
URL is like that's what you really want to have is.
It may not come forward slash no whatever keyword you targeting for that particular page.
You know what you want to avoid is something that's you know you maybe have your key word there but
you include the full post title in the OR L itself.
It's just a little bit too long.
Plus the search engines only would really look at the first three to five words in the aura.
Just another thing to avoid as well as make sure that your you are L's and the words that are in the
whereas separated using hyphens.
So as you can see here a keyword hyphen retarget hyphen keyword hyphen that's the form much you want
.
You don't want to have your L's and with underscores show you an example of how you can add it to where
you are l.
And I'm just going to do this in the Ogmund panel of them a word press size.
Essentially you're going to Meum to make these same changes in whatever web site builder you're using
.
But let's say my title of the article I want to publish here is about your optimization as you can see
by the fold it's pulled the or else from the end the post title.
SEE can see that there's hyphens separating the words which is great.
It's got my key word at the start of the.
You were out as well which is perfect.
And if I want as well you know I can shorten it then and for quite a long post title just into the core
keyword itself that makes it a little bit easier.
You know if you're posting it across social networks want people to link to us and they won't have to
shorten your you were using to like piddly etc. so that can be a good thing to do as well.